today's video is brought to you by
Squarespace please stick around after
the sketch to see yet another sketch
that happens to be paid for 15 minutes
yeah he seems to be really into it what
do you think he's playing oh no John
Elton John could be hilarious if we
unplugged his headphones and it just
sounded terrible
like wouldn't be funny if there was no
sound coming out of it at all like he
just wants us to think that he's playing
something should i unplug it no don't do
that I'm gonna do it
you killed him I guess Daniel wasn't
playing the piano after all
it looks like the piano was playing him
[Music]
dude I have a great idea for business
yeah what is it you'll just have to find
out later cool are you gonna market it
hashtags all the young people love it so
you're gonna start a hashtag and post
about your product on social media
no posting anything Matt just gonna let
the hashtag do the work I don't think it
works that way oh you have a better idea
I mean you could go to squarespace.com
for a free trial and design your site
really quick I mean I did it and it only
took me like 10 minutes because their
templates are super easy to use mm-hmm
sounds expensive
not if you go to Squarespace com /
Daniel Thrasher or if you use coupon
code Daniel Thrasher at checkout you'll
get 10% off your first purchase and
you'll be able to own your voice and own
your ideas on the internet man yeah I'll
just hash tag it that's not gonna do
anything you're not gonna do anything am
I offended right now why haven't you
subscribed yet